Fixed #31757 -- Adjusted system check for SECRET_KEY to warn about autogenerated default keys. (#13183)
django/django: docs/ref/checks.txt

  connections, you may want to either set this setting to ``True`` or configure
  a load balancer or reverse-proxy server  to redirect all connections to HTTPS.

> * **security.W009**: Your :setting:`SECRET_KEY` has less than 50 characters or
>   less than 50 unique characters, or it's a Django-generated secret key
>   starting with Django-insecure. Please generate a long and random
>   :setting:``SECRET_KEY``, otherwise many of Django's security-critical
>   features will be vulnerable to attack.

Reviewer: With the change to the wording of the message, the issue with "django-generated" should be gone. I've also added backticks around the string here:

```suggestion
* **security.W009**: Your :setting:`SECRET_KEY` has less than 50 characters,
  less than 5 unique characters, or it is prefixed with ``'django-insecure-'``
  indicating that it was generated automatically by Django. Please generate a
  long and random ``SECRET_KEY``, otherwise many of Django's security-critical
  features will be vulnerable to attack.
```

(Again, this suggestion may not apply cleanly in GitHub.)

  a load balancer or reverse-proxy server  to redirect all connections to HTTPS.
* **security.W009**: Your :setting:`SECRET_KEY` has less than 50 characters or
  less than 50 unique characters, or it's a Django-generated secret key

>   starting with Django-insecure. Please generate a long and random

Reviewer 2: Hi there. I'm uncertain why this would be uppercased. Wouldn't it be better to use back ticks e.g. ``django-insecure``?

Author: Hello!
Because there is no "django-generated" in docs/spelling_wordlist and I got a spelling error. I have no idea why uppercase fixed the error. I can just add new value to spelling_wordlist.

Reviewer 2: Ah, but I was referring to "Django-insecure", not "Django-generated." Nick's suggestion below adopts backticks as well as single-quotes for readability, which I think makes sense.

  connections, you may want to either set this setting to ``True`` or configure
  a load balancer or reverse-proxy server  to redirect all connections to HTTPS.

> * **security.W009**: Your :setting:`SECRET_KEY` has less than 50 characters or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **security.W009**: Your :setting:`SECRET_KEY` has less than 50 characters,
```
